In this lecture we will learn some more about images and each T.M. the alter attribute allows us to
provide text that will show only if there is a problem displaying the image on the web page.
Let's add an image element to our Web page.
We will give the image a source of our star PMG image then we will add to all the attribute and give
it some text to display if there's a problem showing the image if we want to see an example of the text
displaying we can misspell the file name of our image to force it not to load.
Let's change the A in the image name to an O.
Then we will run our code in the browser as you can see the alked value that we provided is displayed
in the browser.
Since there was a problem displaying the image.
Let's jump back to the editor.
Don't forget to change the all when the image name.
Back to an A so that our image can be used in the following examples we can use the title attribute
to display a tool tip if the user hovers over the image with their mouse.
We will use the title attribute and give it a value of the text we want to be displayed when the user
hovers over the image with their mouse.
Let's run our code in the browser then we will hover over the star image with our mouse.
As you can see the text that we specified as the title is displayed.
Let's go back to the editor and look at another example we can use the float property to specify if
we want our image to display to the left or right of text.
We will add a paragraph element with some text to our Web page that we will use to illustrate the effect
of the float property.
Finally we will add a style element to our Web page and specify that images should float to the right
of TX.
This will make our image display to the right of the text.
Let's go to the web browser and write our code.
As you can see the image is displayed to the right of our text.
Let's go back to the editor.
Alternatively if we want our image to display to the left of our text we can change our float properly
to have a value of left.
Let's change the float value to left and then run our code as you can see the image is now displayed
on the left hand side of R-TX then we will go back to the editor and look at another example.
CHMELA provides us the figure and Fig caption elements to display a caption under our image to create
a figure we can use to figure tag.
Any content that is part of our figure will be inside of the opening figure tag and closing figure tag
lets it an opening and closing figure tag to our code around our image element.
We can add these tags around our image to make our image part of the figure.
We can add a caption to our figure by using the caption tag.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our image and its caption are displayed
together on our Web pages a figure.
Keep in mind that we can use elements other than images inside of our figure element and that multiple
images can also be used.
Let's jump back to the editor.
We looked at how we can add images to our Web page by using the image tag.
We can also use the starlight to reach background image property to add our images the background of
an element.
This allows us to display the image as the background of other elements like headings paragraphs etc..
For this example we will add a paragraph element to our Web page and give it an inline style.
We will use the background image property and assign an image using the L function.
We will also add the text content that we want the image to be the background of.
We will copy and paste the text content several times so that it is long enough where we will be able
to see the full background image behind it.
Note that if you choose to display the image in this manner you need to make sure that the image name
is within single quotes not double quotes since double quotes around the entire style.
Also notice that using this method we need to use the u r l function and then pass in the name of the
image.
It is OK if the image is a file names such as J or P and G and not necessarily an image zero.
Let's go to the web browser and run our code as you can see the image that we specified is the background
to our elements text content.
Let's go back to the Editor
Note that we can also add gifs using image tags Ted animated GIF images to our Web page.
Let's add an image element to our code and give it a source of our animated gif gif image.
Be sure to specify the file extension as Dot gef in the source attribute.
We will also give our elements a height and width of 200.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code as you can see our animated GIF is displayed on
our Web page.
Let's go back to the editor another way that we can display images and HVM is using the picture tag
a picture element has multiple source elements of various sizes and whichever image is best for the
current size of the web browser is the image that is displayed.
First we will specify an opening and closing picture tag then we give our picture element to one or
more source elements the media attribute will specify the minimum with that the browser should be to
display that source image the source that attribute will specify the source of the image.
We will add the resource elements to our code.
We will use the media attribute and give it a min width of 1000 pixels 500 pixels and 200 pixels respectively
for each of our source elements.
We will then use the source set attribute and give it a source of our large star Medium star and small
star PMG images respectively.
The last child element of any picture element has to be an image element specified with the image tag
in case the browser the user is viewing the web page on does not support the picture tag or if there
is a problem loading the other specified images.
Let's add an image element and specify our star PMG image.
Then we will go to the web browser and run our code.
Now if we resize the browser you will notice that the different images are displayed depending on the
width of the browser
in the next lecture.
We will learn how we can embed video into web pages using HMO.